[transmission] Migrate to common v3 (#1028)
k8s-at-home/charts: charts/stable/transmission/README.md

| image.repository | string | `"ghcr.io/k8s-at-home/transmission"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"v3.00"` | image tag |
| ingress.main | object | See values.yaml | Enable and configure ingress settings for the chart under this key. |
| initContainers | list | See values.yaml | Use an initContainer to download the Flood web ui Set UI with env `TRANSMISSION_WEB_HOME` set to `/config/flood-for-transmission/` |
| persistence | object | See values.yaml | Configure persistence settings for the chart under this key. |
| probes | object | See values.yaml | Configures the probes for the main Pod. |
| service | object | See values.yaml | Configures service settings for the chart. |

## Changelog

All notable changes to this application Helm chart will be documented in this file but does not include changes from our common library. To read those click [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/tree/main/charts/stable/common#changelog).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [7.0.0]

#### Changed

> - **BREAKING**: Upgraded the common library dependency to version 3.1.1. This introduces several breaking changes (`service`, `ingress` and `persistence` keys have been refactored).
>   Be sure to check out the [library chart](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/blob/common-3.1.1/charts/stable/common/) for the up-to-date values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BREAKING**: Upgraded the common library dependency to version 3.2.0. This introduces several breaking changes (`service`, `ingress` and `persistence` keys have been refactored).
  Be sure to check out the [library chart](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/library-charts/blob/common-3.2.0/charts/stable/common/) for the up-to-date values.
```
